Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: 39a15d7a-1a47-47f3-8539-63df334ebf36
Review date: July 30, 2025
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 2.3.3 - Performance - Accurate Metadata
Issue Description

The 6.7-inch iPhone and 13-inch iPad screenshots do not show the current version of the app in use. Screenshots should highlight the app's core concept to help users understand the app’s functionality and value. 

Specifically, there were no Sign in with Apple or Google login in the current version of the app. 

Next Steps

Upload new screenshots that resolve the issues identified above and accurately reflect the app in use on each of the supported devices.

Note some screenshots may only be viewed and updated by selecting "View All Sizes in Media Manager" in the Previews and Screenshots section of App Store Connect.

Resources

Follow these general requirements when adding or updating screenshots:

- Marketing or promotional materials that do not reflect the UI of the app are not appropriate for screenshots.
- The majority of the screenshots should highlight the app's main features and functionality. Note that splash and login screens are generally not considered to show your app in use.
- Confirm that the screenshots appear identical to the app in all languages and on all supported devices. For example, screenshots can include the controls, interface or menus present in the app. 
- Make sure that the screenshots show the app in use on the correct device. For example, iPhone screenshots should show the app as it appears on iPhone, not on iPad. Screenshots of the app on multiple Apple platforms can be included to demonstrate compatibility. 

Learn more about creating great screenshots for your product page on the App Store or how to upload screenshots in App Store Connect.


Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: an error message showed when we logged in the demo account.

Steps to reproduce bug:

1. Launched the app
2. Input demo account information(appstore@zivora.app/appstore123)
3. Tapped Login
4. An error message showed

Review device details:

- Device type: iPhone 13 mini 
- OS version: iOS 18.5

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.
